What!
Thanks for the photo.
Gu Qingqing
I didn't expect what the waiter said yesterday to be true
You really drink so much, man
Don't get dirty
No wonder I wear different versions of the limited edition every day.
It turned out that he slept with different men
I told you so.
He's a guy with a high school degree.
How did you enter the film and television group?
How many men did you sleep with?
Your mouth stinks so early in the morning
You didn't brush your teeth
you
No matter how empty your mouth is, you will frame me
Be careful, I will report you according to law.
Report that you really think you are a big star?
I don't know. This is the worst
You're so mean!
Could it be that you are not the one taking care of you?
It's me but I didn't do those things
Did you hear that?
Gu Qingqing personally admitted
That's him in the picture.
When he used to work in a hotel
Men who will be different for money
I heard it from the waiter himself
Now some people are lonely and poetry
Relying on those dark means
Miajiang World-weary Group
This is the disgust that so many elites can't get in
The world is now
Just for him
A person with neither education nor ability
Occupy such a position
Work with him.
I'm ashamed
Humph such a dirty person
Gu Qingqing, you are also wearing it in our world-weary group.
Gu Qingqing get out